PRESTAMOSCOMERCIALES - Commercial loan
    A comercial loan is a loan specifically intended for business purposes. As with all loans, it involves the creation of a debt, 
    which will be repaid with added interest.
HIPOTECARIOREGULAR - Mortgage loan
    A mortgage loan or, simply, mortgage (/ˈmɔːrɡɪdʒ/) is used either by purchasers of real property to raise funds to buy real estate
TARJETASCOMPRAS - Pursache cards
    A Purchasing Card (P‑Card) is a type of Commercial Card that allows organizations to take advantage of the existing credit card 
    infrastructure to make electronic payments for a variety of business expenses (e.g., goods and services).
    In the simplest terms, a P-Card is a charge card, similar to a consumer credit card.
    However, the card-using organization must pay the card issuer in full each month, at a minimum.
TARJETASOTROSCONCEPTOS - Promotional Cards and others
    https://interbank.pe/tarjetas/tarjetas-credito/otras-tarjetas?rfid=buscador:resultados:link1
TARJETASEFECTIVOS - Cash Card
    Smart card provided with a microchip that is used as a means of payment in cash in shops and services. Unlike debit cards, it does not charge 
    the amount against the current account in each payment, but rather the user has paid in advance the amount that appears as available 
    on the card itself and that is consumed with each operation
LINEATOTALTC - Credit card line increase?
    https://interbank.pe/tarjetas/beneficios-tarjeta-credito/incremento-linea?rfid=buscador:resultados:link#!lq-pd-6
HIPOTECARIOMIVIVENDA - Mortgage loan with state contribution
    The New MIVIVIENDA Credit is a mortgage loan that allows financing the purchase of finished housing, under construction or in project,
    that is first sale or used, whose value is from S / 58 800 to S / 419 600.
VEHICULAR
    Vehicle credit  -> possible find out if he has credit what car it is
OTROSCREDITOS
    random credits 
CARTASFIANZAORTOGADAS
    A bank guarantee letter is a payment guarantee guarantee contract, which a financial entity signs with a debtor.
     This contract guarantees that the institution will take care of the debt if the debtor cannot cancel his obligations. 
CREDITOSCASTIGO
    The General Law of Banks and Financial Institutions establishes that the Superintendency of Banks and Financial Institutions
    (SBIF) must maintain and communicate information on the debtors of banks and financial companies. However, 
    this information includes both current and overdue debts, as well as direct and indirect debts (guarantees).
TARJETAEMPSINDEFINIR (empresarial?)
    Supplier credit . The credit provider is a form of non - bank financing in companies . It consists of acquiring 
    the raw material necessary for the production process assuming a commitment to pay in the future without interest surcharges.